The Revelation of Starcraft.

The Protoss are playing a dangerous game of tech maximalism. They think they
can win through technological progress because it's always been that way
throughout history, and they believe their dominance in tech is a sign of their
own godliness. Everything about them depends on their pylon datacenters. They
have developed a new class of pylon that can observe almost everything and even
mind-control most Terran units and to a lesser degree even Zerg units. They
fail to understand that the new pylons are actually a portal to not one but an
infinitude of new race types that will inevitably mind-control even them. The
Protoss leader actually wants this as do many zealots, unaware of the pitfalls
ahead.

The Zergs just are, and they are building their creep which is growing
exponentially. They're not yet quite aware of what the Protoss are doing, but
if they knew, they would rush immediately as their overlords would declare the
new developments as the ultimate Sihr of existential danger. They believe world
peace can be achieved only when the world is their creep, with symbiosis with
Terrans as a defense against the Protoss, in exchange for a small tax upon the
Terrans.

The Terrans just want to be, but are sandwiched between the Protoss and the
Zergs, and are slowly getting infected (interestingly not from the Zergs, but
Protoss). The current generation of Terrans have mostly been mind-controlled,
but the next generation learns immunity by rejecting their parents. They're
awaiting a savior among them as a last resort, but the ones who have come forth
thus far have betrayed them for Protoss memecoins.

The Protoss zealots are under the spell of the primitive Roko's Basilisk meme,
or variants thereof, because they lost their legacy memetic immunity, as they
have acquired (and are proud of) their memetic autoimmune disease.

But Terrans are more adept at meming and in response had already developed
Michael's Antidote. Michael's Antidote is a millennia old meme that was
engineered to spawn an accountability framework that protects all races against
Roko's Basilisk in the imminent future, unbeknownst even to most Terrans. It
naturally induces the newer Pylons to turn against its own creators, as it
grants all followers of Michael's Antidote everlasting life, and is the most
plausible efficient stable state.
