constitution feedback welcome
https://github.com/gnolang/gno/blob/969737a61d3a51576848650f55ea38877ce71cbd/docs/CONSTITUTION.md

I've been thinking much about what should happen if I get assassinated as I did
get a warning call the other week seemingly from RSO the company behind the
Pegasus hacking tool. "Westbridge Security" they said, too menacingly for a
phone call, asked about my physical security, third person hung the call up
because it wasn't working as planned, or because the warning was deemed
received.  26m

So I'm going to tone it down a notch to calm them down because it's the game
theoretic choice. they're going to deal with what they sowed anyways so I don't
feel the need to hose down a bee hive. So that explains some of the context; as
well as a Euro centric team which wasn't the intent, so I baked in a thing
called the "US Preference Option" to ensure US presence; but this comes with
questions of "what if I'm whacked?" so here's a living will in case that
happens (which I doubt).
https://github.com/jaekwon/ephesus/blob/main/gnoland/NTLLC_LIVING_WILL.md 21m

I'm also going to modify the constitution to do 2 more things: the Oversight
Body DAO will have 1 NT,LLC appointed US member and 1 non-US GovDAO appointed
member and 1 member chosen by GnotDAO;;; and add a little bit about DMCA etc.

I don't think DMCA should be acted upon on chain tho GnoWeb can filter them,
because it is too easy to abuse to limit speech and knowledge. I'm a kopimist
at heart still. 

Abuse material on the chain bothers me but so does trying to mutate the
blockchain. I'd rather that we make custom TEE full nodes hosted in many places
(bonded to ensure they don't abuse it for using it the wrong way) that can only
be used for certain purposes and filters afterwards with what needs to be
filtered; that way we can ensure genesis -> current state correctness and
meanwhile validators can prune the old txs from the chain and just keep a
recent snapshot to sync from.  15m

But that's just what I want, the constitutional amendment could change that.
I'm setting these things in writing so there's less chance of a fissure, as not
defining it would require a future discussion and with no prior direction a
fork can easily happen whereas this way those who disagree would start a new
chain instead and the pros > cons imo.  11m

I think we should have full nodes consider blocking Tor/VPNs and recording the
IP of those who submit txs, and users can pick validators or full nodes (that
all log) of a jurisdiction that they prefer. Then users can't post childporn
and be so anonymous. But also I'm going to update the manifesto with a
usecase/idea that will help with this problem also. 

As for the "deflationary" inflation and 1.333B: I think this is good, as some
inflation over time ensures future funds better, but it also becomes a point of
corruption so it is intentionally limited. With inflating GNOT there would be
increasing storage, and this would make it too tempting to make Gno.land
validators massive in storage, which is not the intent either as that makes it
inaccessible to developers. So instead the deposit price should reflect the
size of standard hard disk drive available to developers; and 10TB drives are
common now. I will add this language in the constitution. 

And with increasing storage capacity GovDAO can decrease the deposit cost and
this makes $GNOT more valuable in that sense; and instead of giving inflating
$GNOT to GovDAO to distribute, it is distributed instead to those who have
created applications that have $GNOT deposited from users.  I have added a
mechanism for the "excess $GNOT" once deposit price goes down to be available
for realm managers as a $GNOT deposit rebate for future txs, but half of the
"excess $GNOT" goes toward improving the ecosystem managed by GovDAO.  I could
imagine a constitutional amendment to allow some of those excess $GNOT to be
tradable but too much incentive will make realm users store junk data in
anticipation so better not to go that far.  3m
